Volto handson post training fixes (#569)
plone/training: docs/voltohandson/header.md

We will customize the existing Volto header, since the one we want does not differ much from the original.
We will do so by copying the original Volto `Header` component from the `omelette` folder `omelette/src/components/theme/Header/Header.jsx` folder into `src/customizations/components/theme/Header/Header.jsx`.

```{note}

> If you have not worked with React that much so far you will notice that the Navigation component in Volto is not a javascipt function. This is because in React components can also be created from a js [class](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-component.html). Actually this was the preffered way to create components in earlier versions of React. Volto is currently undergoing the progress to switch to function components where possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have not worked with React much, you will notice that the Navigation component in Volto is not a JavaScript function.
This is because in React components can also be created from a JavaScript [class](https://reactjs.org/docs/react-component.html).
Actually this was the preferred way to create components in earlier versions of React.
Volto is currently undergoing the procress to switch to function components where possible.
```

...

render() {
    return (
      <Segment basic className="header-wrapper" role="banner">
        <Container>
          <div className="header">
            <div className="logo-nav-wrapper">
              <div className="logo">
                <Logo />
              </div>
              <Navigation pathname={this.props.pathname} />
            </div>
          </div>
        </Container>
      </Segment>
    );
  }
```

## Component shadowing

We use a technique called **component shadowing** to override an existing Volto component with our local custom version, without having to modify Volto's source code at all.

> You have to place the replacing component in the same original folder path inside the `src/customizations` folder. Take the `src` directory in Volto as the root when recreating the path in `/customizations`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to place the replacing component in the original folder path inside the `src/customizations` folder.
Take the `src` directory in Volto as the root when recreating the path in `/customizations`.
```
